Add Crown Jewels docs (#46774)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/teleport-policy/integrations/crown-jewels.mdx

---
title: See permission changes with Teleport Policy Crown Jewels
description: Describes how to use Teleport Policy Crown Jewels to see permission changes in Teleport.
---

> With Teleport Policy's Access Graph, you can see change to users and resources permissions.

Reviewer: Do we need this first sentence? Feels like the first sentence should mention crown jewels in some way, and this one doesnt.

> Crown Jewels is a feature that allows you to mark resources and users as critical and see changes to them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Crown Jewels allow you to mark resources and users as critical and see changes to them.
```

> Each time access for those resources or users changes, Teleport Policy will log the change and generate

Reviewer 2: What does "will log the change" mean? Is this referring to audit log or something else? I would be specific here.

before and after snapshots of the permissions. This can help you identify when users get access to sensitive
resources or when permissions are changed unexpectedly.

> This guide shows you how to configure Crown Jewels, how to mark resource and how to see permission changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to configure Crown Jewels, how to mark resources as Crown Jewels, and how to see permission changes for these resources.
```

## Prerequisites

- A running Teleport Enterprise cluster v16.2.0 or later.
- For self-hosted clusters, an updated `license.pem` with Teleport Policy enabled.
- For self-hosted clusters, a running Access Graph node v1.24.0 or later.
Check [Access Graph page](../teleport-policy.mdx) for details on
how to set up Access Graph.

Access Graph is a feature of the [Teleport Policy](https://goteleport.com/platform/policy/) product
available to Teleport Enterprise edition customers.

After logging in to the Teleport UI, navigate to the Management tab. If enabled, Access Graph options can be found

> under the Permission Management section.

Reviewer: Note that this will need to be changed soon because Teleport 17 won't have a management tab.

If we can, it would be best to keep this description as generic as possible so it doesn't need to be rewritten if the UI changes.

> ## Creating a Crown Jewel

Reviewer 2: Do we support defining crown jewels via IaC and/or CLI as well? If so, I would add this to the guide.

To create a Crown Jewel, you need to mark a resource or user as critical. Only changes to marked resources
and users will be logged by Teleport Policy.
To mark a resource or user as Crown Jewel, open the Access Graph and navigate to the "Crown Jewels" tab.

![Create Page](../../../../img/access-graph/crown-jewels/create-page.png)

Click on "Create Crown Jewel" and select the resource or user you want to mark as critical.

![Create Selector](../../../../img/access-graph/crown-jewels/create-selector.png)

Pick a name for the Crown Jewel and click "Create".

![Create Matcher Name](../../../../img/access-graph/crown-jewels/create-matcher-name.png)

The Crown Jewel will now be created, and you will see it in the list of Crown

> Jewels. Access Graph will now log changes to matched resource/user.

Reviewer 2: Similar to above, I'd change "will now log" to something more specific.

Author: Changed

## Viewing permission changes

To view permission changes, open the Access Graph and navigate to the "Crown Jewels" tab.
Here you can see a list of all Crown Jewels and the changes that have been made to them.

![Changes](../../../../img/access-graph/crown-jewels/changes.png)

The generated changes have a diff format showing removed nodes with "-" and added nodes with "+".

> Every time a change is made to a Crown Jewel, a new entry will be added to the list and an audit event

Reviewer 2: Can we add details about the audit event? And add something regarding what they need to do if they want to get notified about these changes (e.g. using event handler until we build proper notification mechanism).

Author: Added

will be generated in the Teleport Audit Log.

> ### Required RBAC permissions

Reviewer 2: Feels like this should not be nested under "viewing permission changes"?
```suggestion
## Required RBAC permissions
```

To create and view Crown Jewels, you need the following RBAC permissions:

```yaml
kind: role
metadata:
  name: crown-jewels-admin
spec:
  allow:
    rules:
    - resources:
      - crown_jewel
      verbs:

>       - list
>       - read
>       - create
>       - delete
>       - update

Reviewer 2: Do we support wildcards here? I can't remember.
```suggestion
      - *
```

---
title: See permission changes with Teleport Policy Crown Jewels
description: Describes how to use Teleport Policy Crown Jewels to see permission changes in Teleport.
---

> With Access Graph's Crown Jewel, you can see changes in user and resource permissions.

Reviewer: This still feels off to me. The title of the doc refers to _Teleport Policy Crown Jewels_ (it doesn't mention access graph at all).

How about this for an intro paragraph?

>>> Teleport Policy's Crown Jewel feature allows you to track changes to access for your most sensitive users or resources. When you mark a resource as a Crown Jewel, Teleport emits audit events any time access to that resource changes. These audit events include snapshots of the permissions before and after the change, which can alert you of unexpected access changes and allow you to verify the results.

Author: > The title of the doc refers to Teleport Policy Crown Jewels (it doesn't mention access graph at all).

We removed "access graph" from most places in our docs already. TBH I'm not sure why we did that, but I also try to refer to all features as "Teleport Policy" not "Access Graph".
I'll try to figure out why we did that. If we want to change the naming, we should probably also change the name in the Teleport UI to keep it consistent.

Author: >How about this for an intro paragraph?

LGTM. I updated the docs.

To view permission changes, open the Access Graph and navigate to the "Crown Jewels" tab.
Here you can see a list of all Crown Jewels and the changes that have been made to them.

![Changes](../../../../img/access-graph/crown-jewels/changes.webp)

The generated changes have a diff format showing removed nodes with "-" and added nodes with "+".
Every time a change is made to a Crown Jewel, a new entry will be added to the list and an audit event
will be generated in the Teleport Audit Log.

## Audit events

Every time a change is made to a Crown Jewel, an audit event is generated in the Teleport Audit Log.
Here is what an example audit event looks like:

```json
{
  "affected_resource_name": "bob",
  "affected_resource_source": "TELEPORT",
  "affected_resource_type": "teleport_node",
  "change_id": "0110b3c4-d0b5-4af9-8585-aa49a064c85d",
  "cluster_name": "ssh-node",
  "code": "TAG001I",
  "ei": 0,
  "event": "access_graph.access_path_changed",
  "time": "2024-09-20T19:50:38.194Z",
  "uid": "5447d050-699a-4009-a901-ab8ed2614bc2"
}
```

You can export the audit event using the event handler.
The setup is described [here](../../management/export-audit-events.mdx).

> ## Required RBAC permissions

Reviewer: This seems more like a prerequisite, doesn't it? If you don't have the required permissions you won't be able to do any of the actions described in this guide.

Author: In this case we should include the required RBAC role for every feature which we're currently not doing in any guide. I added it here, so people have an example role that can be added to an existing users. New TAG version also displays which RBAC permissions are required to use a feature when a user doesn't have them.

Reviewer: Can we at least move it earlier in the guide?

It's a bit awkward to explain all the details about Crown Jewels, and then at the very end after the reader has made their way through the whole page we say "by the way make sure you have these permissions"

Author: Sure, done.
